application/vnd.sun.xml.writer;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.writer.global;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.writer;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.writer-global;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-starwriter;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.writer.template;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/msword;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.calc;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.calc;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-starcalc;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.calc.template;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/excel;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/msexcel;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.ms-excel;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-msexcel;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.impress;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.impress;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.impress-packed;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-starimpress;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.impress.template;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/powerpoint;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/mspowerpoint;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.ms-powerpoint;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-mspowerpoint;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.draw;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.draw;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-stardraw;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.draw.template;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.math;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.math;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-starmath;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.writer;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.writer.global;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.writer;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.writer-global;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-starwriter;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.writer.template;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/msword;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.calc;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.calc;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-starcalc;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.calc.template;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/excel;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/msexcel;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.ms-excel;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-msexcel;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.impress;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.impress;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.impress-packed;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-starimpress;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.impress.template;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/powerpoint;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/mspowerpoint;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.ms-powerpoint;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-mspowerpoint;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.draw;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.draw;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-stardraw;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.draw.template;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.math;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.math;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-starmath;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.writer;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.writer.global;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.writer;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.writer-global;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-starwriter;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.writer.template;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/msword;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.calc;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.calc;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-starcalc;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.calc.template;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/excel;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/msexcel;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.ms-excel;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-msexcel;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.impress;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.impress;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.impress-packed;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-starimpress;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.impress.template;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/powerpoint;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/mspowerpoint;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.ms-powerpoint;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-mspowerpoint;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.draw;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.draw;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-stardraw;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.draw.template;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.sun.xml.math;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/vnd.stardivision.math;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
application/x-starmath;/u/lomew/.rhopenoffice1.1/soffice %s
# audio/*; play %s
# image/*; xv %s 
# #video/mpeg; mpeg_play2 %s
# video/mpeg; mpeg_play %s
# video/*; genericmovie %s
# application/postscript;gv %s
# application/x-dvi; xdvi %s
# application/x-csh; echo yea right: %s
# # acroread is too fat
# application/pdf;gv %s
# # #mailcap entry added by Netscape Helper
# audio/mp3;mpg123 %s
